learn the packaging basics - with creating the initial simple version that does nothing

(i) Learn the github workflow. Keep with it going forward

1) make a different branch for each feature/part and commit messy changes there first. Once you commit to main, it needs to be a proper full working change. Make a branch feature then branch feature for each feature
b) Once you made all the changes for the given feature, do a pull request that would allow to merge the feature branch with the main branch.
c) After the pull request is merged into main, delete the feature branch. (check how this works when doing it afterwards)
d) CHECK to understand what .gitignore is and when to use it.
e) LATER check what tag is - when releasing a version
f) on the first TEST day, check on github ACTIONS

(ii) understand what pyproject.toml does


(iii) learn when the test functions need to be defined - during each part or in the very end?

(iv) what exactly is the src layout? what is different from the standard layout


(!) additional staff

(a) python -m pip install -e ".[dev]" ------ installs the package with development tools. It means Python installs your package, but it points to your local source code. When you edit files in src/twfeiw/, your installed package updates automatically.

(b) python -m pip install -e ".[dev]" ------ the e is for editable - if I change my package the changes automatically happen in the installed version. [dev] installs all the dependencies

(c) initial test_data.py - remember also checking for an unbalanced panel.

(d) learn about pseudo inverses, left and right inverses. interpretation of OLS in the case 
of rank deficiency. For now remember about RANK DEFICIENT OLS - solution to the min problem
of SSR exists but for rank < n, there are infinitely many solutions.

(e) R^2 - After the vcov part is completed, remember to add (change) the R^2 parts for the other TWFE specifications
also check what those are No within-R², between-R², event-study-specific R²

Questions for the vcov part:
what if method is not cluster but has cluster as an input.
how do we handle missing data at each stage